***
- You're awake.
- And you're...
leaving already.
- I have to be
in court in 20 minutes.
- I can work
with 20 minutes.
- I need to be... dressed.
- It was fun last night.
- Last night was fun.
Tuesday was pretty good too.
Are we still on for tonight?
- Absolutely.
I was thinking...
maybe we could go out tonight.
Why?
- I don't know, maybe have
our first "real date".
You don't have a problem
with that, do you?
- No! Why would there be
a problem with that?
- I don't know!
- Ah... It's Angie.
Apparently we snagged a new
case. I better get going too.
- You haven't told her
about us yet, have you?
Yeah, that, uh, could be
an issue, and Angie's got
a thing about dating clients.
- But I'm a former client.
- And a potential future client.
- OK. But you're still gonna
tell her about us, aren't you?
- Yes.
- As in, today.
- Absolutely.
- Great.
***
- If I'd known you were gonna be
so late, I would've taken a cab.
What kept you?
- Oh, I got a phone call...
from my dentist. Guy could talk
for hours about bicuspids.
So what's the new case?
- Maz left me a message.
Some walk-in clinic
from the Danforth Village
got broken into last night.
He asked if we could help out.
- He wants our help on a
B&E? That's weird.
- It is weird. So is the fact
that you smell
like hazelnut coffee.
- I just wanted to try
something different.
- You're wearing the
same shirt as yesterday.
_ : You're
dating someone!
No!
- And keeping it a secret.
Now that's interesting.
Why all the mystery?
- And you got quite an
imagination. Look, there's Maz.
This must be the place!
- Hey good, you're here! Uh...
let's go inside. Yeah.
You know what? Let's actually...
stay out here. Yeah.
Just handing over a big juicy
case to my best bud, as always.
How 'you doing, Jake?
- Maz.
- Why aren't you
investigating it?
- Got a couple of statements,
but, uh, the department's
not making B&E's a really
high priority these days.
Besides, I think the doctor that
runs this place would really
appreciate your involvement.
- He's back, Ange.
In the flesh.
- Oh, Maz, you didn't.
What flesh?
- Look, just understand
that I did this for your own
good, OK? I mean, what are
the odds, really I mean,
you're gonna thank me for this,
one day. I promise.
Maybe. Hopefully.
***
- Hi, Ken.
- That is the one
and only Dr. Ken Graham.
Also known as
the one that got away.
***
- ** I see you and you see me
* Watch you blowin' the lines
when you're makin' a scene *
* Oh boy, you've got to know
* What my head overlooks
* The senses will show
to my heart *
* When it's watching for lies
'cause you can't escape my *
- * Private Eyes
They're watching you *
* Private Eyes
* They're watching you,
watching you, watching you *
* Watching you *
***
- Look at this place.
It was fine last night
when I left.
- Must be difficult
to take in.
- Since I got back, I've
been working the nightshift
in the ER. I usually
get here by eight but --
- Since you got back
from where, vacation?
- For the last five years,
I've been working with an NGO,
treating orphans in the
Nigerian jungle. Malaria,
HIV, that
sort of thing.
It's a tragedy
of epic proportions.
- Huh.
- I got back last month
and I decided to open
this place. Free clinic
serving the neighbourhood.
We treat new immigrants,
refugees mostly.
- And you work in the ER.
- Only five nights a week.
- Huh! Same old Ken.
- Uh, I'm Matt Shade,
by the way.
- Ken, this is my partner.
- Matt Shade--
- Yeah, as in
"The Shadow"?
I used to play
professional hockey.
- Sorry, I never really
made time for sports,
what with med school and
reSIdency and volunteering...
- Right.
- So, what were the thieves
after, do you think?
Um, all of the computers
are here... Drugs, maybe?
- They were disappointed if they
were. Like the sign up front
says, we don't keep
any drugs on the premises.
- Is there somebody else
that might have a better idea
of what's missing?
- My colleague, Sayid
He always
arrives first.
- So you don't
watch hockey at all?
Oh, hey! Lemme give you a hand.
- I've got it.
OK.
Sayid, this is
Angie Everett. She's...
ah... an old friend.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Angie's a private investigator
and this is
her partner...
- Matt Shade.
The clinic's gonna
be closed for days.
- We'll get it up and
running sooner than that.
- Patients are going to be
scared to come back now.
- We'll figure it out.
We always do.
- This cabinet's been jimmied
open. What was in here?
- Some... gauze, bandages...
Nothing really.
The thieves
pretty much cleaned it out.
- There may have been
some petty cash in there.
- It's a... press-on nail.
- It's not from
anyone who works here.
- Sayid, did you see anybody
when you got here this morning?
- I saw the smashed window
and I called the police.
No, first the spray
paint and now this.
Our patients don't deserve this.
They've been through enough.
- Wait, are you saying
the graffiti out front
was a separate incident?
- Yeah. About a week ago.
We got the worst of it off.
- The words were far
from welcoming.
- Can you guys think
of anyone who's unhappy
about the clinic being here?
- The caf owner
across the street.
He blames the clinic
for attracting
the "wrong kind" of people.
- OK, we'll check it out.
- Angie, you really...
don't have to take this on.
- No, I insist.
It's on us.
We're going to figure out
who's doing all this
and put a stop to it.
- Same old Angie.
***
- Trashing a free
refugee clinic.
That is the lowest of the low.
- I couldn't agree more.
Ken is a bit much though,
isn't he? Talk about delusions
of grandeur. "It was
a tragedy of epic proportions"?
_ - It's not delusional _
If you're actually domg It.
Wait, is this because
he doesn't watch hockey?
- No! It's
because he was all cagey
about what was
really in that cabinet.
- OK, now who's being
delusional? Ken is the most...
honest person I've ever known.
- You don't think it's strange
that absolutely nothing
was missing from the clinic?
_- Not if someone's
trying to send a message
to shut the clinic down.
- I think your judgment
is being clouded
by McDreamy back there.
Exactly how long did you date
the good doctor for, anyway?
- It was five years ago,
and... fleeting at best.
- So, no lingering
feelings then?
- Absolutely not. In the
distant rear-view mirror.
- * Oh baby blue
- This looks like the place.
- It's a bit hipster for
around here. Think this guy
bet the gentrification
would spread east?
- If he did, he's
losing big time.
- Hey! How many times
do I have to tell you
to get off my sidewalk?
- OK, back off! This is my spot.
- Go.
- Hey! Let's take it inside.
- Yeah, stick it in
your man bun, loser!
- Sorry. It's just, the people
in this neighbourhood, they're
driving me into bankruptcy.
- Looks like a short trip.
_-_If it's not that street
mUSICIan blocking my doorstep,
it's the sweet old lady
who comes in and steals
all my raw sugar packs.
Or the jackass
who parks himself in that window
for days and just lights up
these disgusting cigars.
What is it, 1972?
- And that clinic across the
street. That can't be helping!
- That place should be
shut down. Yeah.
Those people. It's
a magnet for all kinds.
And none of them
drink cappuccino.
- Mind ifI use
the facilities?
I'm feeling a bit sick
to my stomach suddenly.
- Yeah, it's in the back.
You guys are gonna buy
something though, right?
- Oh yeah.
How about
a beet and ginger smoothie?
- You read my mind.
***
Wow!
That's... _
really... something.
- Yeah! And it goes great
with a gluten-free scone.
- I bet it does!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What are you doing?!
- Doesn't_that look like the
same paint that's all over
the front of the clinic?
- It does appear to be
a similar colour.
- We're private investigators
looking into the break-in
at the "magnet for all kinds"
across the street.
- You wouldn't happen to know
anything about that, would you?
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
- Hm! The label says it contains
citrus_oil. Bet that'd
pop In a lab test.
Let me just call my
good buddy, Detective Mazhari.
- OK, uh, look,
stop. I... I...
I admit it,
I tagged the clinic.
But I was really,
really pissed off,
OK? Every cent
that I have is sunk
into this place and
those people are ruining me!
- "Those people"
are your neighbours.
Maybe you should embrace
the community you're living in
instead of charging $6.95
for a shortbread cookie.
- Well, maybe if you should
checked out the price of organic
rice flour, you
wouldn't be so judgey!
***
I'm sorry.
Oh my God, I am
losing it, aren't I?
I feel really, really
bad about the graffiti,
and I will never
do that again.
But I swear, I had nothing
to do with that break-in.
- Why should we
believe you?
- Because it was obviously
the protection guy.
Thugs who make you pay them
money not to trash your place,
pretending it's insurance--
- We know what a protection guy
is. You're saying there's one
in the neighbourhood?
- Yeah. I don't
know his name,
but, uh, he stopped by
a couple of days after I opened
and said
if I didn't pay up,
something bad
might happen here.
That guy is
bleeding me dry.
***
- Makes sense. Ken's
not the type of guy
to give into extortion.
He obviously refused to pay
and took the consequences.
- But why not just tell us
he's being threatened?
Why try to blame it
on the Bitter Snob caf?
He's clearly hiding something.
- Just because
you don't like him
doesn't mean we can
start throwrng accusations
in his face.
- Is there something about you
and Ken that I'm missing?
- I'm going to go talk to Maz,
see if he knows who this
extortion guy might be.
- Wh... I can drive you.
- No, I'm good.
I'll meet you
back at the office.
***
- OK, look, before you do
whatever you came here to do,
lemme just remind you
that I bruise easily.
You're smiling.
Wait, is that a good
smile or an evil smile?
- Good smile.
- It went well.
: I knew it!
Look, I know I should've
told you beforehand,
but ifI did, you never would
have gone through with it
by yourself,
am I right? Especially...
after what happened?
- Water under the bridge
for both of us, don't
give it another thought.
- Thank god.
- I'm just here for a name.
It looks like there's an
extortion racket gomg on
in Ken's neighbourhood.
Businesses are being threatened
if they don't pay up.
So you think this is more than
just some kids busting windows?
I could lean on the department
to take this more seriously.
- I just need to
rule it out. Chances are
there's nothing to it.
- Well, that part of town,
it could be
a couple of people.
My money's on
Alessandro Kostopoulos.
Very serious customer.
He hangs out
at a barbershop down the street
from the clinic, but Angie,
you need to watch
your step around this guy.
- OK, I will. Thanks.
- My pleasure.
- Hey, by the way,
do you remember
Channing VonKlempt? Obsessed
with you in high school,
went to the same college
so she could be close?
Yeah,
I remember her
- Well, turns out
that she's still single.
And I just sent her a warm
personal message from you.
Oh, this email is
just emojis. What is
with the deranged
Chihuahua sticker pack?
How did you even get
my login information? Angie!
Angie!
***
- Well, that doesn't
look too shady
- If Ken's in trouble
with this guy, I wanna know.
Stay close and
follow my lead.
I'm Sally Cubit, this is
my husband Calvin.
- Calvin and I are opening
a store in the neighbourhood.
What kind of store?
- Knick knacks. Sally's got
quite the chutzpah
when it comes to tchotchkes.
- We were told
to talk to you first
about "additional insurance".
- That's wise
of you. Basrcally
I provide protection
for things that aren't
covered under your policy.
- Oh, fires,
robberies, vandalism...
Terrible things can happen
to a business overnight.
Especially if the owners
are, let's say, negligent
in their bill payments.
- Oh! So, is that what happened
with the free clinic across the
street? Maybe the doctor there
refused to cave to your
not
- Are you accusing me
of trashing the clinic?
- I for one think
maybe we shouldn't be.
- I don't know who you are
or what business it is of yours,
but I want to make myself
perfectly clear: Dr. Ken
is a friend of mine.
You understand?
How's that?
- That is definitely none of
your business. And if you're
smart, you'll keep it that way.
***
- Face it, Ange! That guy
called Ken a friend. You know
what that means, right?
Ken is connected.
To organized crime.
- Come on. I've known Ken for
years. He would never be
involved with criminals.
- Maybe the Ken
you knew before wouldn't,
but that was a long time
ago. Five years, right?
- Maybe, just
maybe, Ken's
working with Alessandro
and they're selling
drugs out of the clinic
and the break-in was
some sort of retaliation.
- That's ridiculous.
You only went out
with him for a short time,
and then he suddenly
left for Africa.
What made him just leave?
Just leave it alone.
- You're not telling me
everything. Did you suspect
him of something back then?
Was he in some sort of trouble?
Ken Graham is not
a suspect In this case.
Let's pick this up tomorrow.
- Nothing. Um... I have
a special assignment for you.
Just between you and me, OK?
- Exactly.
- I need you
to investigate
Dr. Ken Graham.
***
- I hope you like this place.
They have an
excellent duck tartare.
- Yeah, sounds good.
- And they also have a really
great monkey brain fondue
with these delicious
horsehair croutons.
I'm sorry. I just...
I can't stop thinking
about this case that Angie
and I took on this morning.
- Talk it out! I‘d love to _hear
what you're Investigating.
- OK. Um...
There was_a break-in
at a medical clinic
in Danforth Village.
And the client...
: I don't know, I just
get a bad feeling about the guy.
- Some old boyfriend of Angie's
who she thinks can
do no wrong. But...
the guy's not telling us
everything he knows.
- So, is her judgment
clouded or is yours?
- Definitely hers,
no question.
- Mm-hm. Maybe you're
being overprotective?
I mean, she is your partner.
- Hm, woulda been hard to tell
today. She bit
my head off three times
before lunch, and that's
one more time than usual.
- Well, hey! Do you want some
advice from an excellent lavwer?
- Uh-huh!
Don't harbour any preconceived
notions about this guy.
Just follow the evidence.
Unless, you know,
there's some reason
why you wanna knock
this ex-boyfriend
off his pedestal...?
- No, I can't think of one.
: Would you
like some more wine?
- I would, please!
- Good!
(whirring of the
electric window)
- Something like that.
- I was just headed out.
House call.
- Hop in. I'll
drive you. I wanted
to talk to you about
something. Someone, actually.
- Sure.
- I met a guy who said
he's a friend of yours.
Who's that?
- Alessandro Kostopoulos.
- I see.
And you're wondering how
the two of us got so close.
- So he is a friend.
- Oh, this is my patient's
place right up here.
I hope you brought an appetite.
You haven't even
answered my question yet.
- It's actually more proper
to have a woman present.
Farah is devout. You'd be
doing us both a favour.
And I promise you I will
tell you all about Alessandro
after. Deal?
***
And out.
Again.
- If I knew Ken
was bringing company,
I would have made baklava.
- This all looks amazing.
- I gain ten pounds
every time I come.
Sound's good. Everything
is under control.
- How long have you
lived here, in Toronto?
_- Six months.
I arrived last summer.
- Yes.
It_was a difficult
journey but...
the man I was married to
was not easy to live With.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- You did what you had to do.
She was very brave.
Now you can
start over again.
- You are a lucky woman
to have a man so good.
- Oh... Angie and I
aren't a couple.
She has a private investigation
firm with her boyfriend.
- No I don't. No... I mean,
I have a PI company,
but Shade and I aren't--
Then... Ken
and I aren't--
- I see...
- Angie and I
used to see each other.
But that was
a long time ago.
Let me get you
some more tea.
- Thank you.
Should I help?
- Let her... let her
gather herself.
She'll be fine.
This is very
sweet of you.
Farah doesn't get to see
many people except for me.
- Post traumatic stress.
Farah downplays the amount
of abuse she suffered,
but... Halfway
across the world
from her husband
and she's still terrified.
- So that's why you come here.
She's afraid to go out.
- Being a doctor means
taking care of people
wherever they are
and... whoever they are.
- His nephew
had an "accident"
cleaning his gun, and he landed
on my doorstep, bleeding out.
- And you saved him.
Did you report that
gunshot wound to the police?
It's the law, you know.
- I know.
But I can't have my patients
worried that I'm gonna turn them
in to the authorities.
I'm a doctor,
and that means... working
outside the rules sometimes.
***
Would you like
to come in for a drink?
I'd love to...
talk, catch up.
- You're a client. I have
rules about those things.
- You really don't have to keep
looking into the break-in.
Places get hit
around here all the time.
Just last week, a specialist
down the road got robbed
- Wait. Another medical clinic
got broken Into recently?
- Yeah, but--
- I gotta go.
- Yeah.
Oh, Ken...
Your friend Alessandro.
He's squeezing your
neighbour, the cafe owner,
for every cent he's got. There's
no clear end with guys like him.
***
(incomprehensible chatter
and phone buzzing)
- Oh. It's Angie.
I gotta take this.
- Mm-hm. Yeah!
- Excuse me one second.
- Hey.
Ken just told me that another
doctor in Danforth Village
got broken into last week.
That's two medical places
in three square blocks
in a matter of days.
- Yes. And he had a perfectly
reasonable explanation
for Alessandro
calling him a friend.
He pulled a bullet
out of his nephew.
- I'll have to remember that
perfectly reasonable explanation
next time I'm late.
- Ken isn't who you think he is,
Shade. Believe me. He took me to
see one of his patients, Farah.
[She's too scared to
leave the house
I'm sorry, are you out?
- Uh...
: The mystery woman!
You're on a date!
- No!
No, that was...
That was Don
teaching Jules how
to make that popping sound
when you... put
your finger in your mouth,
like...
You're not buying
any of this, are you?
I'm gonna go talk
to the doctor_ _
from the x-ray clinic.
Someone must know something.
(indistinct chatter, music
and popping sound)
- I... meant... to tell her.
Just... today...
wasn't a good day.
- Look...
I like you.
: The truth is,
I could come
to like you a lot.
So if you're not
seeing things that way,
then".
***
Check, please.
- Thank you so much for
meeting me, Dr. Thomas.
- My receptionist told me you're
investigating the other break-in
near my clinic. You think
they're connected?
- It's a possibility. Could
you tell me what happened?
- I arrived and
found the place trashed:
drawers emptied,
cupboards cleared...
- And what did the
thieves actually take?
- Thief. Singular.
They caught the guy.
VVhen?
- Two days after the break-in.
But I'm told he's
already been released.
- Despite an array of computers
and expensive equipment
at his disposal, all he took
was a bunch of x-rays.
Like this.
Hardly the crime
of the century.
***
- Separate break-ins
at two medical clinics
on the same block, and all
that's missing are x
- Why would someone
steal x
The person looking to prove
malpractice, maybe?
- Building evidence
for a lawsuit.
- Ken does work the nightshift
at the ER. Maybe he botched
some guy's treatment
and the guy's looking to sue.
- OK, all roads lead to Ken
for you. So the guy doesn't
watch hockey, so what?
- Oh come on! Who
doesn't watch hockey?
Besides, it doesn't explain
the break-in at Ken's clinic
or the press-on nail
we found at the scene.
I'm gonna go talk to Maz.
We need to find the guy
who stole the x-rays.
- Hey! Hi! You're back!
- Nothing at all. Zero.
- Have you thought
about trying yoga?
Breathe, Zoe.
Just breathe.
- You found something
didn't you? Ken's got
a secret identity. Gambling
debts or something.
- At first, all I could
find were accolades.
So many humanitarian awards
and citations of honour--
- Yeah, OK, OK--
- But then I started
checking through his Ameechee
timeline, looking back at the
months before he went overseas.
- Never trust a_ man with
an open profile. And?
- Nothing. He deleted it all.
Every post, every picture:
gone for months.
- I asked myself the
same question.
So I went through his friends'
sites, and...
Did you know he knows
the Prime Minister of India?
- Just get to the point.
- OK.
Look. To the wedding
of Dr. Kenneth Graham and --
Angela Susan Everett.
***
- This is the guy Maz said
was arrested for_
the great x-ray heist.
- Uhlhuh.
You were acting strange
the whole way over here.
- Nothing! Ijust...
found something out
about a friend of mine.
Something I never knew.
Something they
never told me.
- OK! Aanays, he was
released pending trial.
Apparently, he works this
neighbourhood, asking
for change.
- Hm...
***
- Thanks.
We were hoping you could
answer a few questions for us?
Cheeseburger and a double
espresso. That's my going rate.
- You got it.
- This guy comes to me,
offers me 500 bucks
to go in and grab as many
x-rays as I can find.
- He just... approached
you on the street?
Standing right there
where you found me today.
No idea. I got arrested
and I never saw him again.
- So he didn't hire you to
break into Ken's clinic too?
What, do I look like
a career criminal to you?
It was a one-time deal.
- You remember what
this guy looked like?
- Dark eyes,
dark hair,
and he was smoking
horrible cigars.
- Right. Didn't Ryan just say
something about a guy smoking
disgusting cigars at his caf.
- One of his many complaints.
Would you be willing to
sit down with a sketch artist?
Buy me another round
and you're on.
***
- Yeah.
Yeah-yeah-yeah,
that's the guy.
Yeah, he sat at the window
a bunch of times over the course
of a few days,
and then he was gone.
- Last time I saw him was
about a week ago, maybe?
- So before the break-ins.
- Hey, check it out.
That_'s Ken's clinic over there
and If I really crane my neck,
I can just make out
the x-ray place
- But nobody would be
able to see him.
- Yeah.
- Uh, ahem! Hey! Hey,
um, I got a surprise
insurance rebate
from the protection guy.
Was that because of you?
- More like a friend of mine.
- Thanks.
- I sent the pic
to Ken's clinic, but no one
who works there recognizes him.
- So our mystery Smoker cases
of both clinics for a few days
making sure he isn't seen.
- Then he hires Darin
to break into the x-ray
lab and steal some old film.
- But Darin gets caught,
so he hires someone else
for Ken's clinic --
- Who leaves behind
a press-on nail
with some weird flower on it.
- I don't know.
But if he follows
the same M.O., he'll look for...
another street person
to do the second job.
Looking for a...
female panhandler, maybe?
- The flower
looks familiar somehow.
- Oh! It's not a flower.
It's a Chinese character
for music. They just
made it look like a flower.
What'd I say?
Was it good
It was good, wasn't it?
Hm! Yeah! One for the 20!
- * Another colour over you
Oh baby blue *
- There she is. Music
plus panhandling equals...?
- Street musician with an
attitude. What do you think?
- That amp looks new.
- I bet it costs about $500.
- * You little sleepy head
- Sounding good today.
- Thanks! Heh!
Oh! Wow!
Thanks, there.
- Nice nails.
- Thanks! Yeah, they're good...
good for playing.
- Except you're missing one,
and it looks a lot like this.
- You want to tell us
about the guy who hired you
to do the break
Umph! Really?
- Let me go!
Dammit!
- Last chance!
Who is he?
- I'm not saying nothing
about that clinic, OK!
- We didn't even mention
the clinic. Call the police,
get them to come get her.
- Hold on, she dropped these.
Oxy, some other pain killer...
But look at this:
no doctor's name,
no prescription number, nothing.
- Did you get these from
the clinic?
That guy put me up to it.
I found them in his cabinet, OK?
- Didn't Ken say they
don't keep drugs on site?
- He lied to us.
***
- Thought you didn't
keep drugs here.
- I can explain.
- The same way
you explained about Alessandro?
Are you selling on the side?
Is that why that thug
calls you a "friend"?
- Why he gave the money back
to the cafe owner after
you asked him to?
- You know me better than that.
Follow me.
***
- Hey! I wasjust, uh...
- It's OK. Just open it.
You're right. We have been
secretly distributing drugs
from the clinic.
But not for profit.
- Drugs are expensive. Lots of
people in this neighbourhood
don't have coverage, so--
- We started an underground
program where leftover
medication could be donated
back to the clinic,
for other patients to use.
- Redistributing medication
is against the law.
- I'm a doctor first.
- Even if it means working
outside the rules.
- There are other
people involved.
My patients.
- I understand.
- I gotta admit,
you're a far more forgiving
person than I would be.
- What's that
supposed to mean?
- The guy lies to your face
and you shrug your shoulders.
: After
everything else he's done.
- I know about the engagement.
***
- It's amazing what you can
find out on the internet.
- I expressly asked you
not to look into Ken.
- I was concerned!
And for good reason,
it turns out!
- Yes, that's right!
How can you trust that guy
after he left you at the altar
and took off for Nigeria?
- You find out
that we were engaged
and you assume
that Ken ran off on me?
- No. I called off the wedding.
I left Ken at the altar,
not the other way around.
- But Maz said he was
the one who got away.
- He did. Cause I let him go.
***
- Oh!
I'm sorry. Forget
I said anything.
- Just drop me
at the police station.
OK, so this guy just
approaches you on the street,
asks you to break
into a clinic --
- Aren't I supposed
to get a lawyer?
- You had a lawyer. You fired
him the second you met him.
- Mm-hm. I don't like suits.
Do you like those?
- This guy told you to break
into the clinic and steal drugs.
- No. Ijust found them.
He wanted stuff with names.
- Yeah. So, I checked through
the files and all they had
were these ID numbers. I mean,
who the hell does that?
And then, I found the drug
cabinet, and there was a book
inside with them.
- A notebook with names
and addresses. I showed it
to the guy, and he got
really excited. He took that,
a bottle of pills, and then
he gave me 500 bucks.
- It was a couple hours ago.
I was supposed to meet him
after I broke into the clinic,
but then, bunhead
owner chased me off.
So, I just kept going back,
and then, B-I-N-G-O, cigar guy
was there.
- So, he's after patient names.
The x-rays in the other
clinic had names on them too.
- Yeah, but if he only took
one pill bottle, then maybe
he's only after one patient.
- We need to figure out
whose pills are missing.
I'll call Ken. What did you do
with the rest of
the drugs you stole?
- Uh, he said I could keep them!
- I need those drugs, Maz.
- I'll send a unit
to her apartment.
***
- They took the ledger, too. It
had all the patient info in it.
- We think they're looking
for someone specific.
Someone who you might
give drugs to.
- What was supposed
to go out that day..?
What if it's someone
that went to both clinics,
Ken's and the x
- Why go to the trouble
of paying people to break in?
Why not just watch
for the patient
from the street?
- Because he already did
and it didn't work.
He sat there for days, at that
caf, and he never saw her.
- Yeah! Farah's supposed
to go for check-ups at your
clinic, but she's too afraid
to leave the house.
Did she ever go to the
x
- I've been begging her to go
for an angio, but she always
cancels her appointments.
- But someone close to her,
someone that knows she has
a heart problem would expect her
to go there regularly.
And to your clinic.
- Her millanium's gone.
For her heart condition.
And her address is in the
ledger. He couldn't possibly
have followed her
back to Canada...
Look. It's Farah's
page from back home.
- That's
the Smoker, alright.
- Omar Javadian. Farah's
abusive ex-husband.
- He's traveled halfway across
the world to hunt her down.
- Maz! I need you to
get a squad car over to
the address I texted you ASAP.
- Angie, a unit's on its way.
It'll be there in five minutes
- Five minutes!
- She didn't answer the phone.
She never leaves home.
he's dangerous.
- Stay here. Wait for the cops.
- Farah, it's me, Angie.
- She has to be home,
she's afraid to go out.
- Stand back!
Get out of here!
- We're not going anywhere.
- Angie please --
I came all this way for you.
Buddy, take it easy.
- Get out of here!
This is none of your business!
- Omar, just listen--
- Shut up! You caused
enough trouble.
- Omar, the police are
on their way right now..
She's my wife!
- She_ doesn't want to be
With you anymore.
- Let me go.
- Hey, buddy,
Think about what you're doing.
You don't want to do this.
- She married me.
And then she left.
You have no idea
what I've done to find her!
She's coming home with me.
- You can't make someone
love you.
- She left me with nothing.
I have no one now!
- And I'm sure that hurts.
A lot. But you can't force
someone to be with you.
That's not how this works.
I think you know that.
They're
gonna be inside any minute.
- Let her go
before it's too late.
- Shade!
Are you OK?
- Stay down! Stay down!
Hands where I can see them!
Come on!
- Hey thanks, Ken!
We'll take it from here.
- Yeah.
- OK buddy, up you go!
This guy is great!
***
- She doesn't have
to be scared anymore.
- A real second chance.
- You guys wait right here.
I'll be right back.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry I didn't
tell you about the drugs
from the beginning.
I should've trusted you.
- Thanks.
But I understand
why you didn't.
After... everything
that happened before.
It was good
to see you
Good luck with everything.
- Yeah.
You too.
***
- OK!
- I know you're dying to find
out why I called it off
with Ken, even though it's
none of your damned business.
: So...?
- I wasn't ready.
I didn't know who I was
yet or what I wanted,
and if I married Ken, I
would've just ended up being
Mrs. Dr. Perfect.
- Yeah, his light does
shine pretty glaringly.
- Then my dad opened the agency
and offered me a job...
and suddenly, I knew
what I wanted out of life.
- So you backed out.
- Yeah.
Three days before the wedding.
- Ooh!
Ken was great
about it, like he's...
great about everything.
And then,
two days later, he
accepted the job overseas.
- But you know who you are now,
right? There's no...
chance of you getting
lost in his shadow.
You could always
give it another shot.
If he really is
the one that got away.
- Nah, it's too late.
He'll never trust me again
after what I did to him.
And trust is everything.
- By the way, um...
I have been dating someone.
And that someone is --
- Mel Parker.
- Well, I figured
there had to be_a reason _
you weren't bragging about it.
Plus I saw
a spark between you two
since day one.
- And yet you're not mad.
I mean, this could affect
our future dealings
with the Prosecutor's office
if things end badly.
- Well then, make sure
things don't end badly.
***
- I'll... do my best, boss.
- Not exactly sure,
to tell you the truth, but...
you're obviously someone
that Angie respects a lot
and I just get the feeling
we got off on the wrong foot.
- You played for
Chicago, in the 90s.
I saw the game where you won
the division championship.
You scored on a penalty shot.
- Yeah. If we're
telling the truth,
Ithought
there was something
going on between you and Angie,
so I got a bit... defensive.
Seems ridiculous now. Who'd
think she'd ever go for someo--
OK, OK, OK,
I got it. I got it.
Anyway, I'm glad we cleared
the air. I get the feeling
we're gonna be seeing
a lot of each other.
- Yeah, I doubt
that, actually.
I lied to her.
And she hates that.
There's no way I'm getting
that second chance now.
But...
Thanks for stopping by, though.
- Yeah.
Ken! Hold on a sec.
Um...
Angie's changed a lot
since you guys
were together.
You should give her a call.
Yeah.
***
Yeah, I'm sure.
Call her.
- * Hey ey ey
- Hi.
- HI.
- You look ravishing.
Thanks.
Hey, you know, I'm
going out with her.
Melanie Parker,
Prosecuting Attorney.
- You're such
an idiot!
We are so
not staying for dessert.
***
- I hope it's
not too late.
Your door was open.
- Huh!
It's only...
one in the morning.
- I was just delivering
twins in a cab
and I thought I'd
swing by on the way home.
- No. The twins
were born in the hospital.
I owe you an apology
for what I did back then.
- Don't worry about it.
Five years in the jungle
almost cured me.
- I made some really hasty
decisions and I think about th--
- Hey! You remember
in your car,
back when I said
that I wanted to talk?
I was lying.
***
Sous-titrage: SE'I'I'E inc.
- ** And now I finally know ya
* All I wanna be is alone
* It's a funny feeling
* And yet the world
still turns **